{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	The UN recently warned the world that we have just 12 years to take serious action against global warming before it becomes a catastrophe. The report focuses on keeping global warming at a maximum of 1.5C, for if it goes over we will start to see some serious problems. It was decided during the Paris agreement to keep global warming between 1.5C and 2.0C. The U.S.A is one of the biggest source of emissions, and Donald Trump has since pulled us out of the agreement. I wanted to create a program that would demonstrate the catastrophic implications of this while also showing what could be done if we lower the global warming temperature below 1.5C.\
\
	I figured the best way to showcase these concerns was to allow the user to use the global warming temperature themselves so they can see what would happen depending on the temperature they input, almost like playing God. If the user inputs a number between 1.5 and 2.0, the program spits out a catastrophic result of that rise in temperature. If the user inputs something between 1.0 and 1.5, the programs outputs a positive outcome of that temperature. Finally, if the user inputs 2.0 or above the program tells them what will happen if that is the case.\
\
	My experience creating the program was somewhat troubled because I couldn\'92t find a way to take some of the code and simplify it by putting it in a function. So the code looks a little extensive, but it does almost exactly what I want it to do. The hardest part was converting a string to a float so that the raw_input function would work.\
\
	The code is written in Python 2 and should have no issues running. I pulled data from the following URLs:\
\
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2018/oct/08/global-warming-must-not-exceed-15c-warns-landmark-un-report\
\
https://interactive.carbonbrief.org/impacts-climate-change-one-point-five-degrees-two-degrees/?utm_source=web&utm_campaign=Redirect\
\
https://www.ucsusa.org/global-warming/solutions/reduce-emissions/Benfits-of-Action-Fact-Sheet.html#.W_2uP5NKj-Y\
\
\
\
}